update description (#3)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-mvc-cascading-combo-boxes: Readme.md

# ComboBox for ASP.NET MVC - How to Implement Cascading Combo Boxes

<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/e2844/)**
<!-- run online end -->

This example demonstrates how to use the MVC ComboBox extension to implement cascading combo boxes.

![MVC - Cascading Combo Boxes](images/cascadingCB.png)

## Setup Combo Boxes and Their Items

> Setup the primary [CountryPartial.cshtml](./CS/DevExpressMvc3CascadingCombo/Views/Home/CountryPartial.cshtml) and the secondary [CityPartial.cshtml](./CS/DevExpressMvc3CascadingCombo/Views/Home/CityPartial.cshtml) combo boxes as partial views. Specify their [CallbackRouteValues](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNetMvc/DevExpress.Web.Mvc.AutoCompleteBoxBaseSettings.CallbackRouteValues) properties. Call the [BindList](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNetMvc/DevExpress.Web.Mvc.ComboBoxExtension.BindList(System.Object)) method to bind the data obtained from the controller to the combo boxes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up the primary [CountryPartial.cshtml](./CS/DevExpressMvc3CascadingCombo/Views/Home/CountryPartial.cshtml) and the secondary [CityPartial.cshtml](./CS/DevExpressMvc3CascadingCombo/Views/Home/CityPartial.cshtml) combo boxes as partial views, specify their [CallbackRouteValues](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNetMvc/DevExpress.Web.Mvc.AutoCompleteBoxBaseSettings.CallbackRouteValues) properties, and call the [BindList](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNetMvc/DevExpress.Web.Mvc.ComboBoxExtension.BindList(System.Object)) method to bind the data obtained from the controller to the combo boxes.
```
